- & is for whole vector, && is for first element
- strsplit is like strtok() in C
- first expr is returned in the function
- anonymous functions == function(x) {body}
- lapply() op for list/vector, output == list
```r
years <- lapply(split_low, function(x) {x[2]})
```
- sapply() simplify list to array or table
```r
freezing_s <- sapply(temp, below_zero)
```
- vapply() explicitly specify output format
```r
vapply(temp, function(x, y) { mean(x) > y }, y = 5, logical(1))
```

## We can simplify calculations with nested loops
```r
sum(abs(round(errors)))
```
## Make sure to vectorize your lists for easy manipulation
```r
mean(c(abs(vec1), abs(vec2)))
```
- unlist() can flatten lists to vectors but c() cannot
- seq1 <- seq(1, 500, by = 3)

## OP search functions
- grepl(), which returns TRUE when a pattern is found in the corresponding character string.
- grep(), which returns a vector of indices of the character strings that contains the pattern.
```r
# The emails vector has already been defined for you
emails <- c("john.doe@ivyleague.edu", "education@world.gov", "dalai.lama@peace.org",
            "invalid.edu", "quant@bigdatacollege.edu", "cookie.monster@sesame.tv")

# Use grepl() to match for "edu"
grepl(pattern = "edu", x = emails)

# Use grep() to match for "edu", save result to hits
hits <- grep(pattern = "edu", x = emails)

# Subset emails using hits
emails[hits]
```

## Regular Expressions
You can use the caret, ^, and the dollar sign, $ to match the content located in the start and end of a string, respectively. This could take us one step closer to a correct pattern for matching only the ".edu" email addresses from our list of emails. But there's more that can be added to make the pattern more robust:

@, because a valid email must contain an at-sign.
.*, which matches any character (.) zero or more times (*). Both the dot and the asterisk are metacharacters. You can use them to match any character between the at-sign and the ".edu" portion of an email address.
\\.edu$, to match the ".edu" part of the email at the end of the string. The \\ part escapes the dot: it tells R that you want to use the . as an actual character.
```r
grepl(pattern="@.*\\.edu$", x=emails)
```
